Add announcements (#13365)
jupyterlab/jupyterlab: docs/source/privacy_policies.rst

Privacy policies
================

> Last modified: November 15th, 2022

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Last modified: November 17th, 2022
```

Introduction
------------

> JupyterLab development team avoids as much as possible to use external

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JupyterLab development team avoids as much as possible the use of external
```

web services. However to provide some features requests to those kind of
services are required (see below for a full list). But those features are
opt-in by default (aka you need to explicitly consent to activate them).

The development team takes a proactive approach to user privacy and
ensures the necessary steps are taken to protect the privacy of its users
throughout their experience.

This policy sets out the different areas where user privacy is concerned

> and outlines the obligations and requirements of the users, JupyterLab

Reviewer: Looks like a typo?

```suggestion
and outlines the obligations and requirements of the JupyterLab
```

development team.

What information do we collect?
-------------------------------

The external web services are collecting some information.
However they are not accessible by the JupyterLab development team. And
therefore we do not collect any information.

Features using external services
--------------------------------

Announcements plugin
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The announcements plugin is fetching a news feed from a GitHub page website
(https://jupyterlab.github.io/assets) and metadata of the JupyterLab Python
package on PyPI.org (https://pypi.org/pypi/jupyterlab/json).

Fetching those information will only happen if the user clicks on the *Agree*
button of the notification asking if he wants to be notified by JupyterLab news.
That choice is stored as a user settings in *Notifications* ->

> *Fetch news from JupyterLab Council*. It can be reverted.

Reviewer: Looks like this could be updated to reflect the latest code changes:

```suggestion
*Fetch official Jupyter news*. It can be reverted.
```
